Imagine we are running a build in CircleCI right now.
All the previous code related jobs have completed and
the job runner is headed our way with artifact in hand.
For blue-green deployment, we want to build up
a second version of production and later switch from old to new,
from blue to green,
using a switching mechanism called a router.
The goal is production,
so what do we need to do next?
We don't have our infrastructure yet,
so it looks like that's next up.
Infrastructure creation jobs are meant to spin up new resources in AWS,
that will later get configured,
deployed to, tested and promoted to production.
We don't need a lot in this job because we should already have the cloud
formation templates to build up the necessary AWS resources.
Really, all this job needs are things like,
AWS credentials saved in your project environment
variables so that they're available for the AWS CLI.
An image that has the AWS CLI pre-installed.
A filter to only run this job on master branch.
To check out the code and we need a step to
actually execute that cloud formation with our template.
Let's take a look at some code.